3.1 release notes (#1566)
dotnet/SqlClient: CHANGELOG.md

- Optimized async method allocations in .NET Framework by porting changes from .NET Core. [#1084](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1084)
- Various code improvements [#902](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/902) [#925](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/925) [#933](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/933) [#934](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/934) [#1024](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1024) [#1057](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1057) [#1122](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1122) [#1133]((https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1133)) [#1134](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1134) [#1141](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1141) [#1187](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1187) [#1188](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1188) [#1223](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1223) [#1225](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1225)  [#1226](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1226)

## [Stable release 3.1.0] - 2022-03-30

### Added

> - Added new Attestation Protocol `None` for `VBS` enclave types. This protocol will allow users to forgo enclave attestation for VBS enclaves. [#1419](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1564) [#1425](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1564)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new Attestation Protocol `None` for `VBS` enclave types. This protocol will allow users to forgo enclave attestation for VBS enclaves. [#1539](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1539)
```

- Included `42108` and `42109` error codes to retriable transient errors list. [#1560](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1560)

### Fixed

> - Changed EnclaveDelegate.Crypto GetEnclaveProvider to use a thread safe concurrent dictionary. [#1451](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1451)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed EnclaveDelegate.Crypto GetEnclaveProvider to use a thread safe concurrent dictionary. [#1564](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1564
```
